Modify rule S4545: Add VB.NET specifics, Move C# specifics (#1571)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4545/csharp/rule.adoc

The ``DebuggerDisplayAttribute`` is used to determine how an object is displayed in the debugger window.

> The ``DebuggerDisplayAttribute`` constructor takes a single mandatory argument: the string to be displayed in the value column for instances of the type. Any text within curly braces is evaluated as the name of a member, or any complex expression converted to a string value, containing method calls and operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DebuggerDisplayAttribute` constructor takes a single mandatory argument: the string to be displayed in the value column for instances of the type. Any text within curly braces is evaluated as the name of a field, property, or method or as a complex expression containing method calls and operators that is evaluated to a string.
```

Author: - Double backticks to single backticks => OK
- Member to "field, property" => OK (no "method", see [here](https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/1571#discussion_r1119027741))
- "converted to a string value" to "That is evaluated to a string" => The second seems incorrect to me since expressions such as `DebuggerDisplay("{42}")` are correctly evaluated, despite `42` not being evaluated to a string. It's rather that the expression is evaluated to whatever `object` it evaluates to, and then a `ToString()` is called on that object. In any case, I have removed the subordinate altogether.
